[FIX] in_app_purchase: fix outdated doc of low credit notification email (#12574)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/essentials/in_app_purchase.rst

The available |IAP| accounts appear in a list view on the :guilabel:`IAP Account` page. From here,
click on the desired |IAP| account to view that service's :guilabel:`Account Information` page.

> On the :guilabel:`Account Information` page, set the :guilabel:`Email Alert Threshold` field to the
> amount of credits that will trigger the notification for this service. Doing so reveals an
> additional :guilabel:`Email Alert Recipients` field, select the users that should receive the email
> notification.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the :guilabel:`Email Alert Threshold` to the credit amount that should trigger a low-credit alert when the balance falls below it. Next, select which user(s) should receive the email notification using the :guilabel:`Email Alert Recipients` field.
```

> Odoo will send a low-credit alert to the :guilabel:`Email Alert Recipients` once the balance of
> credits falls below the amount listed as the :guilabel:`Email Alert Threshold`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

Author: Definitely agree with that, I hesitated to remove it as it felt quite redundant.
